terraform/README.md, before:

# Terraform Infrastructure

This directory contains Terraform code for provisioning AWS infrastructure for the Vista project.

## Directory Structure

- **`main-infra/`**: Contains the main infrastructure code (VPC, EC2, etc.)
- **`github-actions-role/`**: Contains the GitHub Actions OIDC provider and IAM role setup (separate module)

## Setup Order

1. First, set up the GitHub Actions role:
   ```bash
   cd github-actions-role
   terraform init
   terraform apply
   ```
   See the [GitHub Actions Role README](./github-actions-role/README.md) for detailed instructions.

2. After setting up the GitHub Actions role and configuring the GitHub repository variable, the main infrastructure will be deployed automatically by the CI/CD pipeline when changes are pushed to the main branch.

## Manual Deployment

If you need to deploy the main infrastructure manually:

```bash
cd main-infra
terraform init
terraform plan -var="environment=dev" -var="instance_type=t2.micro"
terraform apply -var="environment=dev" -var="instance_type=t2.micro"
```

### Using an Existing VPC

If you've hit the VPC limit in your AWS account, you can use an existing VPC instead of creating a new one:

```bash
cd main-infra
terraform init
terraform plan \
  -var="environment=dev" \
  -var="instance_type=t2.micro" \
  -var="existing_vpc_id=vpc-12345678" \
  -var="existing_subnet_id=subnet-12345678"
terraform apply \
  -var="environment=dev" \
  -var="instance_type=t2.micro" \
  -var="existing_vpc_id=vpc-12345678" \
  -var="existing_subnet_id=subnet-12345678"
```

You can also leave `existing_subnet_id` empty to automatically select a public subnet from the VPC:

```bash
terraform apply -var="existing_vpc_id=vpc-12345678"
```

## Variables

Common variables used across modules:

- `aws_region`: AWS region to deploy resources (default: "eu-north-1")
- `environment`: Environment name (dev, prod, etc.)
- `project_name`: Project name for resource tagging
- `instance_type`: EC2 instance type (default: "t2.micro")
- `existing_vpc_id`: ID of an existing VPC to use (optional)
- `existing_subnet_id`: ID of an existing subnet to use (optional)

## Outputs

- `instance_public_ip`: Public IP of the EC2 instance

## Architecture

The infrastructure includes:
- VPC with public subnet in eu-north-1b (or an existing VPC)
- Security groups for web traffic
- EC2 instance for hosting the backend
- Docker for containerization
- Amazon ECR for container registry

## Manual Instance Control

You can manually start or stop your instance when needed:

```bash
# Start instance
aws ec2 start-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

# Stop instance
aws ec2 stop-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0
```

Replace `i-1234567890abcdef0` with your actual instance ID.

## Prerequisites

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) installed
- AWS credentials configured
- SSH key pair created in AWS

## CI/CD Pipeline

The project uses GitHub Actions for CI/CD:

1. When code is pushed to main:
   - Tests are run
   - Docker image is built and pushed to Amazon ECR
   - Terraform provisions/updates infrastructure
   - Docker container is deployed to EC2

2. Required GitHub Secrets:
   - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: AWS access key
   - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: AWS secret key
   - `EC2_SSH_KEY`: Private SSH key for EC2 access
   - `DATABASE_URL`: PostgreSQL connection string
   - `SUPABASE_URL`: Supabase project URL
   - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Supabase service role key

## Infrastructure Updates

To update infrastructure:
1. Modify the Terraform files
2. Commit and push to main
3. GitHub Actions will apply the changes

Commit message:

Refactor backend deployment workflow to accept dynamic existing VPC and subnet IDs from inputs, enhancing flexibility. Update README with instructions for using existing infrastructure and improve Terraform configuration to prevent unnecessary resource recreation.

terraform/README.md, after:

# Terraform Infrastructure

This directory contains Terraform code for provisioning AWS infrastructure for the Vista project.

## Directory Structure

- **`main-infra/`**: Contains the main infrastructure code (VPC, EC2, etc.)
- **`github-actions-role/`**: Contains the GitHub Actions OIDC provider and IAM role setup (separate module)

## Setup Order

1. First, set up the GitHub Actions role:
   ```bash
   cd github-actions-role
   terraform init
   terraform apply
   ```
   See the [GitHub Actions Role README](./github-actions-role/README.md) for detailed instructions.

2. After setting up the GitHub Actions role and configuring the GitHub repository variable, the main infrastructure will be deployed automatically by the CI/CD pipeline when changes are pushed to the main branch.

## Using Existing VPC and Subnet

The infrastructure is configured to work with existing VPCs and subnets to avoid hitting AWS VPC limits and prevent unnecessary resource creation. You can:

1. **Use an existing VPC and subnet** - Provide the IDs in the GitHub Actions workflow inputs:
   - `existing_vpc_id`: The ID of your existing VPC (e.g., vpc-0123456789abcdef0)
   - `existing_subnet_id`: The ID of an existing public subnet (e.g., subnet-0123456789abcdef0)

2. **Let Terraform find the default VPC** - Leave the VPC ID empty, and Terraform will attempt to use the default VPC

3. **Find your VPCs** using the AWS CLI:
   ```bash
   aws ec2 describe-vpcs --region eu-north-1 --query 'Vpcs[*].{VpcId:VpcId,CidrBlock:CidrBlock,Name:Tags[?Key==`Name`].Value|[0],IsDefault:IsDefault}' --output table
   ```

4. **Find subnets** in a specific VPC:
   ```bash
   aws ec2 describe-subnets --region eu-north-1 --filters "Name=vpc-id,Values=vpc-YOUR_VPC_ID" --query 'Subnets[*].{SubnetId:SubnetId,CidrBlock:CidrBlock,AZ:AvailabilityZone,Public:MapPublicIpOnLaunch}' --output table
   ```

## Resource Management

The infrastructure is designed to:

1. **Reuse existing resources** when possible
2. **Avoid recreation** of resources on subsequent deployments
3. **Use unique names** for resources that can't be updated in-place

This approach minimizes AWS costs and prevents hitting service limits.

## Manual Deployment

If you need to deploy the main infrastructure manually:

```bash
cd main-infra
terraform init
terraform plan -var="environment=dev" -var="instance_type=t2.micro"
terraform apply -var="environment=dev" -var="instance_type=t2.micro"
```

### Using an Existing VPC

If you've hit the VPC limit in your AWS account, you can use an existing VPC instead of creating a new one:

```bash
cd main-infra
terraform init
terraform plan \
  -var="environment=dev" \
  -var="instance_type=t2.micro" \
  -var="existing_vpc_id=vpc-12345678" \
  -var="existing_subnet_id=subnet-12345678"
terraform apply \
  -var="environment=dev" \
  -var="instance_type=t2.micro" \
  -var="existing_vpc_id=vpc-12345678" \
  -var="existing_subnet_id=subnet-12345678"
```

You can also leave `existing_subnet_id` empty to automatically select a public subnet from the VPC:

```bash
terraform apply -var="existing_vpc_id=vpc-12345678"
```

## Variables

Common variables used across modules:

- `aws_region`: AWS region to deploy resources (default: "eu-north-1")
- `environment`: Environment name (dev, prod, etc.)
- `project_name`: Project name for resource tagging
- `instance_type`: EC2 instance type (default: "t2.micro")
- `existing_vpc_id`: ID of an existing VPC to use (optional)
- `existing_subnet_id`: ID of an existing subnet to use (optional)

## Outputs

- `instance_public_ip`: Public IP of the EC2 instance

## Architecture

The infrastructure includes:
- VPC with public subnet in eu-north-1b (or an existing VPC)
- Security groups for web traffic
- EC2 instance for hosting the backend
- Docker for containerization
- Amazon ECR for container registry

## Manual Instance Control

You can manually start or stop your instance when needed:

```bash
# Start instance
aws ec2 start-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

# Stop instance
aws ec2 stop-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0
```

Replace `i-1234567890abcdef0` with your actual instance ID.

## Prerequisites

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) installed
- AWS credentials configured
- SSH key pair created in AWS

## CI/CD Pipeline

The project uses GitHub Actions for CI/CD:

1. When code is pushed to main:
   - Tests are run
   - Docker image is built and pushed to Amazon ECR
   - Terraform provisions/updates infrastructure
   - Docker container is deployed to EC2

2. Required GitHub Secrets:
   - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: AWS access key
   - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: AWS secret key
   - `EC2_SSH_KEY`: Private SSH key for EC2 access
   - `DATABASE_URL`: PostgreSQL connection string
   - `SUPABASE_URL`: Supabase project URL
   - `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Supabase service role key

## Infrastructure Updates

To update infrastructure:
1. Modify the Terraform files
2. Commit and push to main
3. GitHub Actions will apply the changes
