terraform/github-actions-role/README.md, before:

# GitHub Actions Role Setup

This Terraform module sets up the GitHub Actions OIDC provider and IAM role for secure authentication between GitHub Actions and AWS.

## Why a Separate Module?

This module is separated from the main infrastructure because:

1. **Circular Dependency**: The GitHub Actions role is used to deploy the infrastructure, so it needs to exist before the infrastructure is deployed.
2. **One-time Setup**: The role only needs to be created once, not on every infrastructure deployment.
3. **Permissions**: Creating IAM roles and OIDC providers requires elevated permissions that we don't want to grant to the CI/CD pipeline.

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- AWS CLI configured with admin access
- Terraform installed locally

### Steps

1. Update the variables in `variables.tf` if needed:
   - `github_owner`: Your GitHub username or organization
   - `github_repo`: Your GitHub repository name
   - `project_name`: The name used for AWS resources

2. Initialize and apply the Terraform configuration:

```bash
cd terraform/github-actions-role
terraform init
terraform apply
```

3. Note the output `github_actions_role_arn` - you'll need this for the next step.

4. Add the role ARN as a GitHub repository variable:
   - Go to your GitHub repository
   - Click on "Settings" → "Secrets and variables" → "Actions"
   - Select the "Variables" tab
   - Add a variable named `AWS_ROLE_TO_ASSUME` with the value of the role ARN

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter the error "Could not assume role with OIDC: Not authorized to perform sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity", check:

1. The trust relationship in the IAM role matches your GitHub repository exactly
2. The GitHub repository variable `AWS_ROLE_TO_ASSUME` has the correct role ARN
3. The GitHub workflow has the correct permissions:
   ```yaml
   permissions:
     id-token: write
     contents: read
   ```

Commit message:

Add Terraform state management resources and update IAM policies
This commit introduces a new S3 bucket and DynamoDB table for managing Terraform state, ensuring proper state locking and versioning. Additionally, it adds an IAM policy for GitHub Actions to access these resources, enhancing the infrastructure's reliability and security. The README is updated to reflect these changes and provide setup instructions for the GitHub Actions role.

terraform/github-actions-role/README.md, after:

# GitHub Actions Role Setup

This Terraform module sets up the GitHub Actions OIDC provider and IAM role for secure authentication between GitHub Actions and AWS.

## Why a Separate Module?

This module is separated from the main infrastructure because:

1. **Circular Dependency**: The GitHub Actions role is used to deploy the infrastructure, so it needs to exist before the infrastructure is deployed.
2. **One-time Setup**: The role only needs to be created once, not on every infrastructure deployment.
3. **Permissions**: Creating IAM roles and OIDC providers requires elevated permissions that we don't want to grant to the CI/CD pipeline.

## Setup Instructions

For detailed step-by-step instructions, see [Setup Instructions](./setup-instructions.md).

### Prerequisites

- AWS CLI configured with admin access
- Terraform installed locally

### Steps

1. Update the variables in `variables.tf` if needed:
   - `github_owner`: Your GitHub username or organization
   - `github_repo`: Your GitHub repository name
   - `project_name`: The name used for AWS resources

2. Initialize and apply the Terraform configuration:

```bash
cd terraform/github-actions-role
terraform init
terraform apply
```

3. Note the output `github_actions_role_arn` - you'll need this for the next step.

4. Add the role ARN as a GitHub repository variable:
   - Go to your GitHub repository
   - Click on "Settings" → "Secrets and variables" → "Actions"
   - Select the "Variables" tab
   - Add a variable named `AWS_ROLE_TO_ASSUME` with the value of the role ARN

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter the error "Could not assume role with OIDC: Not authorized to perform sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity", check:

1. The trust relationship in the IAM role matches your GitHub repository exactly
2. The GitHub repository variable `AWS_ROLE_TO_ASSUME` has the correct role ARN
3. The GitHub workflow has the correct permissions:
   ```yaml
   permissions:
     id-token: write
     contents: read
   ```
